{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Project link-
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\

\fs28 https://public.tableau.com/views/FinalprojectD/Conclusion?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link
\fs24 \
\

\f0\b\fs36 \ul Description-
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
	
\fs28 I was tasked with performing a restaurant analysis on Zomato company. I had to find out which restaurants were the most popular, which restaurants generate the most revenue, and why this is the case. \

\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs36 \ul What I did-
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
	
\fs28 I was provided with data which I inserted into Tableau and then created relationships between the different tables given. First, I figured out which restaurants were the most popular using different metrics such as reviews and types of cuisine. Next, I created a visualization for the restaurants that generated the most revenue. Having both of these visualizations in front of me allowed me to compare and see why this was the case. I concluded that the most popular restaurants in the region are not the ones who generate the most revenue. Instead, it is the global food chains because they have the ability to operate thousands of stores while the local favorites do not have that same ability. However, some of the local favorites still over-perform given these limitations. }